Chapter3 anchors (#372)
purescript-contrib/purescript-book: text/chapter3.md

2
```

> This is fine, but doesn't line up with common usage (in conversation, one might say "eight mod three"). Wrapping a prefix function in backticks (\`) lets you use it in infix position as an operator, e.g.,

Reviewer: Nice catch. Wondering if something like this would be even better:
```suggestion
The above usage works fine, but is awkward to read. A more familiar phasing is "eight mod three", which you can achieve by wrapping a prefix function in backticks (\`):
```
